Feature/union source data (#11)
fivetran/dbt_xero_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_xero_source v0.3.0

> ## Features

Reviewer: For each of the main bullets in the CHANGELOG can you include a link to the PR where the change was made. See the recent [dbt_netsuite_source CHANGELOG](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_netsuite_source/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) for example. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74217849/139746989-af9c0dd3-29fc-4aab-a05d-28659120a87a.png)

Reviewer: Additionally to the above, can you please add the section at the bottom that just points users to refer to the Github repository release notes for details on the previous releases.

- Allow for multiple sources by unioning source tables across multiple Xero connectors.
([#11](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_xero_source/pull/11))

>   - Refer to the README for more details. (See ### Unioning Multiple Xero Connectors).

Reviewer: Can you instead link to that section instead? 
```suggestion
  - Refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_xero_source#unioning-multiple-xero-connectors) for more details.
```
FYI the link won't work until the PR is merged.

## Under the Hood
- The unioning occurs in the tmp models using the `fivetran_utils.union_data` macro.

> - Because columns that were previously used for unique tests may now have duplicate fields across multiple sources, these columns are combined with the new `source_relation` column for unique tests and tested using the `dbt_utils.unique_combination_of_columns` macro. 

Reviewer: This is a great under the hood update to include in the CHANGELOG. Great call out! 🙌
